# Rule-based-chatbot

Note: This is a group assignment, there might be similar project on the web posted by group members 

Chatbots can provide a very wide range of services. For example, if you are having trouble with your parcel delivery from AliBaba, you would like to contact their customer service. Though there are a couple of other avenues by which you could contact them, thankfully they offer support through their instant messenger service. When prompted, a chat box, much like Facebook messenger, pops up and you will in contact with customer support services. The chatbot will ask a few questions and, if needed, direct you appropriately, either by answering the question through the chat interface or connecting you with a representative. Chatbot functionality does not stop there, as some are even using its artificial intelligence for entertainment purposes.

There are essentially two different kinds of chatbots: rule-based functionality and machine learning chatbots. Rule-based chatbots can only respond to specific commands. In other words, the chatbot will answer questions based on keywords. The most common type of rule-based chatbot uses a document retrieval system and is limited in its capabilities. In many cases, rule-based chatbots cannot understand conversations, as the computer only recognizes certain keywords. This can lead to contextual mistakes regarding the question. For example, think of the times you have interacted with Siri or Alexa. However, when the chatbot is trained from time to time, it starts to grow and become more “intelligent”. Generally, organizations prefer rule-based bots due to how easily they can be created and trained.

When conducting business in a highly competitive industry, any small thing such as having an intelligent and responsive chatbot can greatly set you apart from the competition. More and more businesses are gravitating towards the use of chatbots, specifically rule-based bots. Hence, in this project, we are going to build a ruled-base chatbot using C++ language. 
